Remove docs directory and update README (#2127)
scalar-labs/scalardb: README.md

When contributing to this project, please follow these guidelines.

## License

ScalarDB is dual-licensed under both the Apache 2.0 License (found in the LICENSE file in the root directory) and a commercial license.
You may select, at your option, one of the above-listed licenses.

> The commercial license includes several enterprise-grade features such as ScalarDB Server, management tools, and declarative query interfaces like GraphQL and SQL interfaces.

Reviewer: Since ScalarDB Server is deprecated, how about if we mention ScalarDB Cluster instead?

```suggestion
The commercial license includes several enterprise-grade features such as ScalarDB Cluster, management tools, and declarative query interfaces like GraphQL and SQL interfaces.
```

> Regarding the commercial license, please [contact us](https://www.scalar-labs.com/ja/contact-jp) for more information.

Reviewer: To give users the option of contacting either the US or Japan office, how about we provide the following page, which lets them choose?:

```suggestion
For more information about the commercial license, please [contact us](https://www.scalar-labs.com/contact).
```
